docs: add messaging about monthly release cadence (#381)
awslabs/aws-advanced-jdbc-wrapper: README.md

We enforce a style using [Google checkstyle](https://github.com/google/styleguide/blob/gh-pages/intellij-java-google-style.xml).
This can be verified in the tests; tests will not pass with checkstyle errors.

## Releases

> The AWS JDBC Driver has a regular monthly release cadence. However, if there are no changes since the latest release, then a release will not occur.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `aws-advanced-jdbc-wrapper` has a regular monthly release cadence. A new release will occur during the last week of each month. However, if there are no changes since the latest release, then a release will not occur.
```

Author: Done! Will also make similar changes to the corresponding mysql PR
